Here is a prioritized breakdown of the technical debt you should address before V2.0.

1. The "Zombie Code" (High Priority)
You have multiple versions of core components co-existing. This is dangerous because a new developer (or even you in 2 weeks) might edit the wrong file.

Admin Portal: You have both admin-portal.tsx and admin-portal-new.tsx.

Debt: It’s unclear which is the "live" version. If new is the winner, rename it to admin-portal.tsx and delete the old one.

Score Submission: You have score-submission.tsx, score-submission-new.tsx, AND hierarchical-score-input.tsx.

Debt: hierarchical-score-input.tsx seems to be the "modern" component we fixed. The other two are likely dead code that will confuse your routing logic.

Navigation: You have navigation.tsx and simple-navigation.tsx.

Debt: Inconsistent UI. Pick one (likely simple-navigation if you want the cleaner look) and delete the other.

2. The "God Object" Backend (Medium Priority)
Your server/storage.ts is becoming massive. It handles everything: users, orgs, tournaments, games, teams, brackets, and scraping logic.

The Problem: It’s over 1,500 lines long. If you want to change how "Teams" work, you risk breaking "Tournaments" because they share the same massive class.

The Fix: Split this into domain-specific services.

server/services/tournamentService.ts

server/services/teamService.ts

server/services/gameService.ts

server/services/userService.ts

Your routes.ts would then import these services instead of calling storage.method() directly.

3. Fragile External Dependencies (Medium Priority)
Your roster import relies on 7 different Python scripts in the server/ folder.

The Debt: You are shelling out to Python (spawn('python', ...)) from Node.js. This is brittle.

If the Python environment on the server changes (missing pip package, wrong python version), your app crashes.

Error handling between Node and Python stdout is tricky.

The Fix: If possible, rewrite the scraping logic in TypeScript (using cheerio or puppeteer) to keep the stack unified. If Python is strictly required for specific libraries, isolate it into a proper microservice with a defined API, rather than spawn commands scattered in routes.ts.

4. Hardcoded Logic in Shared Files
Bracket Structure: shared/bracketStructure.ts contains hardcoded pairing logic. While we fixed it for top_8, adding new formats requires code changes.

Debt: This limits you to only the formats you've manually coded.

Future Fix: Move bracket templates to the database (bracket_templates table) so you can add/edit formats without redeploying the code.

5. "Any" Type Casting
In server/storage.ts, specifically in generatePlayoffBracket, there are aggressive uses of as any:

TypeScript

// line 1376 in storage.ts
if (source.type === 'winner') {
  newGame.team1Source = { ... } as any; // <--- This hides bugs
}
Debt: This defeats the purpose of TypeScript. If the team1Source schema doesn't match the object you're saving, you should update the schema type definition in shared/schema.ts, not force it with any.

Summary Recommendation
Clean up the frontend first. Deleting *-new.tsx files is low-risk and high-reward for clarity. Then, refactor storage.ts before you build the V2.0 Communications Suite, or that file will become unmanageable.